Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
PACIFICTION
Fix the lines and go ashore.
- Is that mine?
- Beer?
So it's not for me. Just put it down.
See this pink cocktail umbrella?
I don't see the point in them.
We have a problem here?
No. I'm gonna check over there.
- Good evening. monsieur.
- How are you?
Mr. De Roller.
- Admiral.
- Glad to see you here.
The pleasure's mine.
A rare pleasure to have you here.
I see you already have a drink.
Have you yet...
You know. some women here
have visited one of your submarines.
- Oh. yeah?
- "Your" submarines...
- I didn't know.
- Apparently.
You know. happiness knows no limits.
Glad you're so light-hearted. Admiral.
- Great.
- I try to stay this way.
As you should. No matter what.
Will he be here soon?
Sure. In five minutes.
He just left.
- For sure?
- Yes.
Your business isn't well oiled.
Yes it is.
Hello.
- You seen this costume?
- Superb.
Some shells up here...
Looks great.
- Want to try it on?
- Maybe another time.
- Just for the hell of it.
- Well. alright.
- Like this?
- You know le mana?
- Sure!
- Well. this sure has it.
Superb. huh?
No. not that.
How about the necklace?
No. thanks. But it's great.
A Tahitian dancer. maybe.
Yeah. maybe.
Really beautiful.
Very well made.
You give it a whirl.
This is how it looks.
Magnificent.
- It suits you better.
- It does?
- Oh. yeah.
- It suited you. too.
I'll have to get in shape.
Come with us. We'll get you in shape.
I won't bother you any longer.
Very nice.
Well. I won't bug you any longer.
- Hello.
- You alright?
Want to see the costumes?
Thanks. but no. I have to work.
I just like to enjoy this ambiance.
I wanted you to see how
the rooster costume is.
Right. right.
We're doing a rehearsal of...
I'll watch from a distance.
I don't want to intrude.
It's very charming. Thanks.
See you again!
There are rumors from Fangataufa.
an island near Moruroa.
where nuclear testing took place...
- Of course.
- In the past.
So. it's been said...
There are apparently projects
to restructure the Nuclear
Experiment Center.
and potentially resume nuclear testing
this year.
So we wanted to hear
what your views are.
Have you heard of this?
Listen.
I must admit I'm totally surprised.
It surprised us. too.
"Grandpa. what did you do
to defend my land and my ocean?
Grandpa. every day when I get up.
I go to school on this land.
After school.
I go and swim in the ocean. Grandpa!
What did you do to protect me?"
Of course. of course.
Evidently. we must be vigilant
- and act...
- That's why we're here.
...preemptively
to prevent a resumption of the tests.
I believe what you're saying.
but I must reassure you.
Do you realize the costs
such tests would incur
after all the tragedies they caused?
We're counting on you.
High Commissioner.
I entirely understand your concerns.
If you could shed light upon this...
I'll do my best.
Thanks. Pierre-Olivier.
Excuse me.
- Enjoy your meal!
- Thanks.
Would you like some coffee?
No. thanks. we've had enough.
- Forgive me.
- No worries.
The meal on this
plate is from our lagoon.
But of course.
It allows you to live.
to breathe. to move.
I was expecting to see Jacques.
Jacques is sick.
- I see.
- Jacques is sick. so...
- I'm representing him today.
- Great.
I'm kind of an interim representative.
Is he alright?
- He's fine.
- Nothing serious?
Nothing serious. A case of the flu.
So you'll be taking over?
Exactly. I'll be taking over...
and hope to see you at future meetings.
Absolutely.
We wanted to discuss another thing:
Our people won't be granted admission
to the planned casino.
We're a bit surprised
by this segregation.
You know how
the religious institutions here
have enormous power
in decision-making.
They're rather coercive.
After all. people need to have fun.
Yes. after all. we're an island.
The most exciting thing to do here
is walk around in circles.
So don't be surprised if young people
get into mischief.
I have to admit. they piss me off.
Enough already.
Why are they interfering?
This is a new century.
If they don't want their parishioners
being admitted...
- Why not?
- Then fair enough.
Fair enough.
But it's unthinkable to forbid
the island's population from having fun.
You'd think this is the Inquisition.
It's not the Middle Ages.
Although I can tell you in confidence.
I don't know many
people who win at casinos.
- It's the casino that wins.
- It always does.
- But people have fun there.
- Exactly.
Frankly. the religious types
are a pain in the ass.
They can't bust our balls
from the other end of the world.
No kidding.
- If you'll excuse my language.
- We agree.
- Pardon me. madam.
- Not at all.
It's true. We've had it with them.
The Jehovah's Witnesses.
I'm sick of them. really.
We didn't have the French
Revolution for nothing.
- Well. I mean us...
- Exactly.
So for me. these are resolved issues.
- No question.
- Good to hear.
You'll have my support.
The casino will be open to all.
And we'll celebrate Bastille Day there!
- A national holiday.
- Fantastic.
With a free first
chip for all residents.
- Just to piss them off.
- That's what we want.
And we'll all go to Morton's afterwards.
Those who want to.
I don't know if we'll all fit.
It's a bit cramped.
Mark it on your calendars.
Seriously. It's a promise.
July 14th.
We'll go to the casino
to celebrate the values of the Republic.
Then to Morton's. Fantastic.
Thanks.
Will you show them out?
Bye. Mr. De Roller.
- Thanks for your time.
- Gladly. madam.
I'd like to remain cool
and wait for things to work out.
My documents were here.
I never left with them.
They never left the room.
They've clearly been stolen.
They were stolen from the hotel
by hotel employees.
Stay calm. We'll call the police.
No police. They'll complicate things.
This only has to do with this hotel.
But I don't have the time to wait.
It's urgent.
I have various reasons to be here.
and those reasons
oblige me to always have
my passport and my documents.
That's why I'd prefer to remain calm
and confer about this
but we must find a solution.
I need my passport and documents.
- You OK. Tico.
- Fine. fine.
- Shall I pour?
- If you would.
- There.
- Thank you.
- Sir?
- Yes.
There's a man claiming he's Portuguese.
He's completely distraught.
He says his papers have been stolen.
- At the hotel?
- Yes.
How peculiar.
And when?
This morning.
He mentioned a "diplomatic passport."
- Was he alone or with someone?
- Alone.
What's that about?
Unbelievable.
- His passport was stolen?
- Yes.
He hasn't seen anyone since he arrived.
so it's weird.
That kind of thing never happens here.
Has anyone been in his room?
No one.
Maybe he's just claiming that.
- And he sounds mad.
- He sounds mad?
Mad how? Nervous? Angry?
A little. yes.
Is he thinking clearly or...?
More or less.
Should we call security?
We'd normally call the police.
but he kept repeating...
He seems to know you.
- So he's a diplomat?
- I don't really get it.
He'd prefer not to deal with the police.
- How peculiar.
- Yes.
He must be involved in something shady.
You think so?
Well. well. well.
Do it with your hand like this.
I didn't get that.
When you see me. do this.
He'll come from here. I'll pull you...
Stab it.
- Like that?
- Yeah.
Do you know what you'll
be doing on the islands?
Do you know where they plan to...
For the moment.
I've been assigned to Fakarava.
So I'm going there. then to Takume.
These are the locations
the army wants to visit.
I imagine there are other islands. too.
But they're initially
occupying those two?
For now.
I'll go there next week
to deposit the sound and lighting cases.
And will it be operational soon?
I'm leaving next week
and it'll take a week
to install all that.
- That's quick.
- Yes. The strip is short.
- When did they contact you?
- A month back.
That's quick.
They made the proposal
and stated conditions.
I read the contract and liked it.
- I was interested.
- Right. I get it.
It's always good to
have a friend in the army.
I'm lucky to have you.
This is a good start.
That's good.
What scares you about the casino?
You think people will have fun there
and come here less often?
This is about the mass.
the little ceremonies...
Those little amusements.
People work all week
and come on Sunday to
amuse themselves with you.
We're offering them an alternative.
Let them at least have
the freedom to decide.
Let's be clear.
What I can tell you
is the casino will open.
And it will be taxed like all casinos.
And the tax money will come to me.
And that money
I'll use to destroy your
chapels if I have to.
It won't take long. I assure you.
This would make a nice festival hall.
We could fix it up.
offer pottery workshops.
organize bingo.
and offer the senior citizens fun. too.
Your flock has shrunk. hasn't it?
Did you say anything to calm him down?
I just had to listen to him talk it out.
Was he angry at first?
- Surprised?
- Yes.
More surprised than angry.
Are you sure he didn't say anything
that might help me assist him?
No. sir.
Nothing at all.
Can't you help me a bit more?
Just something about...
Actually. no.
I don't think we'll go that far.
We'll send him to you once he's here.
You're being very coy about this.
Don't worry. it's nothing serious.
I'm not worried. Shannah.
I have other ways to find out.
I don't doubt it.
Can I get your details?
Write them down.
- Did I misspell your name?
- An N is missing.
- What a delightful ring. I love it.
- Thanks.
- A beautiful color.
So. last name and...
- First name.
- Right.
You don't want my address?
Why not?
You want to visit me?
If you like. why not?
You really have nothing to tell me?
A detail that occurred to you?
Well. sir.
- we could work it out.
- Very good.
- I'll call you.
- Ok.
- Thanks.
- You're welcome.
- Weird.
- Yes.
Morton?
Mr. Ferreira. are you feeling better?
He's knocked out.
Did he drink too much?
That's what we were wondering.
- There's that bottle.
- Indeed.
It's half empty.
Another glass of tequila. sir?
- A little glass?
- I'll grab him one.
It's rum. what's more.
Let's have a drink with him.
Loïs. got any glasses?
Listen.
I can call the police.
File a report.
Should we give his passport back?
No. not now.
He's a good-for-nothing. He's useless.
Don't worry.
He'll recover.
We'll give him oxygen to
get him back on his feet.
Did you ask him about the Admiral?
About what?
- About the fleet.
- Oh. no.
No?
- You didn't have the time?
- Not at all.
We didn't get to that.
He just got upset about his passport?
Yes. we were wondering why.
That's the only thing
we could've used him for.
He needs to be seen by a doctor.
We can't stay here all day.
Look at him.
I hear he's been hanging out in bars
with the Admiral.
That's possible.
They've been seen together.
I don't know what he knows.
He must know something.
Have a good time with the Admiral?
He's not very talkative with me.
but he chats a bit more with you. right?
I hear you two get along well.
Have a drink.
It'll do you good.
He's on his way.
Have a sip.
Very good. Just a bit.
Another sip. Another.
Taste good?
Reminds you of last night?
Another sip will do you good.
Go on. go on. one last one.
Your friend. the Admiral. just arrived!
Were you with him last night?
Look. here he is.
Say hello to your friend.
- Say hello.
- Hello. Ferreira.
Talk to your friend. the Admiral.
What do you want to tell him?
Do you remember what
you told him yesterday?
Have a drink. It'll do you good.
Is he alright?
- He's better?
- He's coming around.
The nurse is on her way.
She'll be right here.
I called her ten minutes ago.
She'll be here within minutes.
Great.
Could you bring us a bottle of water?
A cold one.
It'll do him good.
- Water?
- Nothing but water for him.
Mr. Ferreira. have some water.
Drink some water.
it'll do you a ton of good.
You're dehydrated.
Slowly. not too fast.
I heard him screaming.
No.
He just got scared.
He's not thinking clearly.
He's confused.
I think he has a drinking problem.
Neither of us can do anything.
He must be badly dehydrated.
They'll take him...
to the hospital. worst case.
But with some rest. he should be OK.
He's better already.
Morton was already talking to him.
Morton. you'll remain at his bedside
while we wait for the nurse.
So you can go back now.
To my dancers?
- Precisely.
- Otherwise. call me if needed.
No worries.
We've got this.
Thank you for your assistance.
Keep her away so I can talk a little.
The staff could put on more clothes.
right?
Listen. it's what Morton's is known for.
It's what makes other
nightclubs jealous.
You all deserve better. don't you?
I can't speak to that.
It's Morton who takes
the initiative and decides.
And everyone admires Morton here?
Well. let's just say...
it's crowded every weekend.
I see that as a form of admiration.
You came to find inspiration?
No. I came at the
invitation of Mr. De Roller.
It allows me to promote my books.
And chat about my work.
That's nice.
- And maybe inspiration...
- Will come.
...will come or manifest itself later.
I don't know. but...
And you write about what. in general?
I write about my life
or imaginary things.
So it varies.
A writer should really
- dabble in everything.
- I agree.
Even poetry or theater.
Awesome.
Have you published a lot?
Quite a bit.
The requested file.
But couldn't this wait until morning?
Where do you want me to sign?
It's true.
I wasn't born yet.
Do you see Mr. De Roller's secretary?
- What a bitch.
- Who's that?
Mareva. Right there.
Why do you say that?
Because she's weird.
I heard he's gonna get rid of her.
Really? Why?
Apparently. she works for other people.
And he caught her...
She doesn't seem to know.
Who's she working for?
People you wouldn't want to know.
I guess.
I see.
I heard he's going to get rid of her.
I'd really love to take her place.
- Oh. yeah?
- Yes. It'd be interesting.
- He must be wonderful to work with.
- Oh. yeah.
I think I'd really enjoy it.
Lieliski. varam s? kt.
Great. we can begin.
To your health above all.
- Cheers.
- I've completely recovered.
Loïs.
Is he a friend of yours. too?
Loïs works with the owner.
I was shown around a hotel last week
that was built on an old morai.
a sacred cemetery.
That usually causes trouble.
The hotel is still abandoned.
Sure.
So?
They're looking for an investor.
someone to put money in.
Of course.
- To rebuild it.
- You're interested?
- You work...
- I don't work.
- Oh. you don't work.
- No.
That would be a big investment.
You've inherited a lot.
It's colossal.
One never works alone on such projects.
Of course not.
You know.
people with money help each other.
You must know a lot of interested people
who'll support you in this idea.
Will you be one of them?
I'll be someone you can
count on if you need help.
I think it's imperative
that this hotel rise up from the ashes.
Letting things rot is never good.
I try to be proactive.
Once you've got a project.
you have to avoid getting bogged down.
You're a man of action.
I love action. Indeed.
So if I can help in the little time
I have on the island. I'll do so.
Are you about to leave?
No. but you know. my mission...
Are you well. Shannah?
- I am.
- Sorry. I didn't notice you there.
- You good?
- I am.
- You look enchanting.
- Thanks.
Shannah. this is Olivier.
A friend of Cyrus.
I don't remember where we were.
- I'm glad you came tonight.
- Same here.
Did Morton invite you?
I don't need his invitation to come.
I invite myself.
I don't need anyone.
I utilize my privilege maybe too often.
I just make sure everything's OK.
People know me.
They know I'm very
involved with everyone.
I'm pretty proud.
They've proven their
trust in me many times.
Which is nice.
He does have an easy
manner with the locals.
And the locals reciprocate it.
You know. it's all a matter of trust.
What will you do later. De Roller?
Meaning what? Later when?
Later this evening.
I don't know. I'll see where the wind...
I'll go where the wind blows.
- Where the wind takes you.
- That's right.
But I must admit
I'm a bit tired tonight.
He's here.
Great. thanks.
So...
do you take drugs?
- Yes.
- I see.
- And you?
- Occasionally.
But...
it's not all that great.
It's a bit like coffee.
Not exactly.
It doesn't have the same effects.
At least not on me.
Obviously never when I'm at sea.
as you can imagine.
- It's different when I'm ashore.
- Yes.
Then you want to feel
like you're back at sea.
- Right?
- You understand me very well.
I mean. it makes me more balanced.
I won't lie.
I find it hard being ashore.
Really.
You're better off at sea.
Better in the sea. yes.
It reassures me.
There's great solidarity
between people.
between human beings. between men.
Ashore...
I feel more shaky.
That's how it is.
I could mention the Polynesians.
or others.
who also wound up exterminated.
Genocides have created...
The Indian genocide has created...
...great civilizations.
Great civilizations.
It was good born of evil.
as people cynically say.
The most terrible thing I've heard
was someone explaining
that even if nuclear fission had created
illnesses. thyroid cancers.
birth defects and other horrors
lasting over generations.
the nuclear program
also afforded us the money
to treat them.
When you hear these conversations...
I don't think you follow me.
Is that a new waiter?
I've never seen him.
A lost sheep. He's handsome.
It's an important civic duty -
to be here in support...
of a spirit as free as Ms. Attia.
For several years.
she has waged a relentless war
against obscurantism.
political correctness. puritanism.
the self-righteous.
the useful idiots.
Her enlightened spirit
reminds me of those of the 18th century.
It's an immensely cultivated spirit.
It reminds me of the libertines.
among others.
As much for her intellectual courage
as for the care
she takes in realizing her pleasures.
I write. too.
Wait.
I won't claim to be a writer myself.
I write. you all know that.
you often see me
with a notebook.
It allows me to structure my ideas.
to have less disorder.
to be more precise with my projects
and put things in perspective.
That was a little anecdote.
Sorry.
I'm obviously talking about myself.
I digress!
I digress.
But I can recognize real writers.
Those who can create a
kind of foreign language.
who provoke confusion
rather than offering
simplified clarification.
Romane is one of them.
One might have thought
she was a Parisian bourgeois
whose work is plagued
by the work of introspection.
But no.
She manages to show the dirty. obscene.
ideological side of
that milieu from within.
A free spirit. enlightened as I said.
What's not to like?
Indeed.
- Bravo. Romane.
- Thanks.
Matahi.
have you introduced
the Admiral to Romane?
I didn't dare.
I was waiting for you to do it.
Commissioner.
Well then. if I may...
Admiral!
May I introduce you to Romane Attia?
Please do.
- Should I get up or not?
- No need.
- Admiral. it's a pleasure.
- Pleased to meet you.
Introduce yourselves.
I hope we'll have the chance to talk.
I hope so. too.
And that I'll have the pleasure
of reading your next work.
- Please do.
- It's highly recommended.
Mr. De Roller has
just praised it highly.
so I imagine it will live
up to our expectations.
- I stayed here.
- Nice job.
To act is to act.
I believe in the virtues of action.
One must send out clear signals.
Strong ones.
Conspicuous ones.
Conspicuous.
When they see
what we're willing to
do to our own people.
yes. our own.
will they still be able to doubt
how our enemies will be treated?
Will you announce all this publicly?
Will you and your
government have the courage?
- Of course.
- That'll take some balls.
Not just doing it all on the sly.
Some balls!
Of course we'll announce it.
Are you prepared for the repercussions?
We'll announce it to great fanfare!
We'll stand by it!
I will!
So tell me.
what would you do with all the enemies?
My friend...
What would you do with the terrorists?
With the various types of terrorism?
Do you have enemies. my friend?
Is the alcohol making you paranoid?
We all have enemies. all of us.
In Polynesia. we don't have enemies.
Close by: the Philippines.
Indonesia.
That's the extent of the threats.
Look.
I'll try to...
Here.
I'm standing.
See?
Not very well.
I'm standing.
- A bit unsteady.
- No.
Yup.
Careful. Admiral. You alright?
It's OK. take it easy. Give me that.
Alright. Admiral.
Could we have a little talk?
Where are we going?
We could extend the evening if you like.
Let's do it.
See you later.
- To Paradise. sir?
- No.
That's scary.
There's lots of debris. too.
- My God!
- Look at that!
Terrifying.
Hold tight. Mr. De Roller.
Where's our champion?
- The young guy?
- Yes.
He'll be here.
His towing team
is taking someone out to the waves.
Then it'll be his turn.
- Can I take a ride on a jet ski?
- Absolutely.
Thierry!
You're good.
Take care of him.
This is the High Commissioner.
High Commissioner.
this is Heirarii Williams.
one of the great surfers here.
This is our young prodigy.
I've heard a lot about you.
If there's any way I can help you.
just let me know.
Sure. I'll call you if I need you.
Do that.
It'll be my pleasure.
It's a competition.
I compete in a different realm.
Are you in the competition?
I compete in politics.
- Incredible.
- An adrenaline rush. huh?
Yes. Sensational. Transforming.
Not much happens in my job.
Well. this is my office
and it's always trying to kill me.
It's good to get out of the office.
And the kid is brilliant.
I'll try to help him.
He has a good attitude.
Keep your eye on him.
You won't be disappointed.
OK. let's go.
Don't worry. we'll get through.
Yeah. they're incredible.
What swells!
I haven't seen
anything like it for years.
Come in.
De Roller. a friend of the cause.
Make yourselves comfortable.
What a charming place.
I'll get drinks.
I didn't know you live
in such a beautiful place.
- There's a lot you don't know.
- It's a beautiful house.
A beautiful faré.
A beautiful thatched house.
I was expecting Jacques.
Jacques is gone. forget Jacques.
I'm your partner now.
- That's it.
- Ok.
Young. fresh blood.
Are we good?
Suits me.
The first rally in the
streets is in a few days.
Don't be afraid.
We're kind of organizing the movement.
We wanted to check with you
what the response will be.
If it's controllable or not.
But you're aware
that these are only rumors.
I don't have any solid information.
I don't have any hard facts.
Listen. It doesn't
matter what you think
or what information you have access to.
The first rallies are this week.
We're not going to wait
around for a confirmation.
No. We're taking action.
We're not going back to '95.
or to the '70s when we
just let them carry on.
If we do.
we'll end up with them conducting
nuclear tests in our home.
Enough of that.
You're not here to give us your opinion.
We don't give a shit about your opinion.
We're here to ask you
to act how we want:
prophylactically.
There will be deaths. perhaps. Injuries.
We're aware of that.
But we're asking you to
tone down the reaction.
In that case.
your employer will be satisfied with you
because you did your job well.
And equally. the locals
won't be unleashed against you.
So you can play both sides a bit.
You'll have to finesse it.
but it's possible.
We'll have our photographs
and that's all we want:
buzz. fake news.
That's what our era is about.
Simple as that.
That's the problem with young people.
Don't be condescending. my friend.
I didn't condescend to you.
I'm not talking as your equal.
You were born yesterday.
You're wet behind the ears.
And you're explaining things to me?
Do you really think
I don't know what's going on here?
Or who your friends are?
You think I came here knowing nothing?
My friend.
need I remind you this isn't your home?
Quit saying "my friend."
We're not that close.
Back off. I'm not your friend.
"My friend. my friend..."
You're talking to a
representative of the State.
I'm not into shenanigans.
I try to take care of the
people as well as I can.
- Really?
- You're surprised?
Well. the people have something to say.
Right now.
Give me a bit more time.
and I guarantee that
when the time comes.
I'll act together with you accordingly.
I don't think we understand each other.
I didn't come to ask
for your permission.
I came to warn you
that we're taking action
in the coming days.
We're only here to help you. my friend.
You have to understand.
- Fine.
- You talk a lot.
- I talk little.
- And know nothing.
- And act well.
- Yeah?
Matahi.
come here.
I've known you a long time.
I want you to understand.
There's just one thing that worries me.
just one:
It's that a guy like you
couldn't organize
something like this by himself.
So what I... imagine is that interests.
certainly superior to my own employers.
must have contacted you.
Maybe Russia or China or even
your American friend.
That worries me.
Because if these people
called in someone
like you at this point.
maybe I should abandon my career.
because it makes no sense.
Are you trying to give me
lessons on geostrategy?
On the nuclear technology race?
You think I don't know that?
You think I don't know
that China. Russia and America
have no interest at all
in these tests taking place?
So here's what I want you to understand:
I heard you.
you heard me.
I'm not against you.
I know who you are. you know who I am.
I'm not against the people here.
You know. contrary to what you think.
it's not vanity that drives us
the way it drives your people.
your government.
We have convictions.
we have certainties.
The system is different.
the way of operating is different.
- You can laugh. go on.
- I'm not laughing.
I just think you're naive.
Listen.
I think you're a coward.
Think about what I told you.
The ball is in your court.
I have nothing to add.
I'll contact you soon.
We won't get far with him.
Here is good.
Congratulations. it's great.
We're changing it a bit.
It's not aggressive.
A lack of aggression in the faces.
A fierceness.
- Combativeness.
- Yes.
You can see the hens smiling...
It lacks aggression.
- Not warlike enough?
- Yes. It's to the death.
The violence has to be there.
So the criticism is a
slight lack of violence.
We'll change it.
It's a matter of interpretation.
You know. cockfighting is pitiless.
- We'll revise it.
- Great.
I have an idea.
Let's do this: You kill...
The hens are smiling. That can't be.
It's not violent enough.
- You felt it. too?
- Yes.
There are big and small cocks?
- And chicks.
- Yeah. chicks. too.
That's it.
There it is. the kill.
And the hens finish him off...
Let the blood flow.
Superb! There's sweat. there's blood!
That's the way.
- There are deaths. it's tough.
- How was it?
It's powerful. it's barbaric.
- You liked it?
- Very much.
That's what you wanted?
Yes. the violence was missing.
Bravo. musicians. You were great.
Now we can see it in your faces.
It's great.
Everyone gave their all.
Will we really see the cocks die?
It's beautiful to see such violence.
No holds barred.
No emotions.
no hesitation: You go for the kill.
If he's down. kill him.
At once!
- Come aboard. sir.
- Thanks.
- Settle in.
- Thanks a lot.
Don't bang your heads
like everyone else.
It'd be a shame.
Of course.
Look how sublime it is!
You never get used to it!
Every time I fly.
I feel the same way!
Look how beautiful our island is.
The multitude of colors.
the gradations of blue.
It's divine.
- The cradle of God.
- Of Jesus.
It's great for the soul.
It cleans your mind.
you can think more clearly.
I need to take a step back.
You know. people live with passion.
Everything's about passion.
So naturally. there are emotions.
Too much emotion kills rationality.
You can't reason
if you're too emotional.
It's impossible.
You have to abandon your body entirely.
With enough distance. you can...
make decisions that benefit the many.
And not get caught up emotionally.
Sadly. that's no good on its own.
I'm already breaking that rule.
I'm counting on you.
- We'll land in 20 minutes. sir.
- Sorry?
- 20 minutes.
- Alright.
I think you'll find them very pleasant.
For this kind of work.
they're very efficient.
In addition to being
great friends of mine.
- Thanks. Captain.
- You're welcome.
- Did you enjoy it. Shannah?
- Yes.
- Our "little" trip?
- It was cool.
Right.
Alright.
- Thanks.
- You're welcome.
- Thanks. Captain.
- My pleasure.
- See you later.
- Yes.
- My friend.
- What's up?
Did you have a nice trip?
It was over in an instant. How are you?
Good to see you.
- Same here.
- It's been so long.
- How are you?
- Great.
I'm so glad.
- Welcome home.
- Thanks.
So. everything alright?
It's all fine.
My colleague. Mareva.
And Shannah.
who's just come to observe.
I'm delighted things are going well.
Everything's going very well.
We've been working
well for several months.
Then I'm not really needed here. am I?
You don't need my support.
- A bit would be nice.
- Oh yeah?
What counts is that we see the island
and spend some time together.
I'm so happy.
He's our outgoing and future Mayor.
You're bound to win.
Well. I'm the strongest candidate.
I've worked well with my team here.
and there you go.
What do the polls say?
At the moment. we're at 72%.
but I hope to reach 80-99%.
It'll look like a banana republic.
They'll say these elections are rigged.
That's just jealousy.
Only jealous people will say it?
But let your opponents
win at least some votes.
I do have opponents. but...
I'm joking. of course.
You know how to do things here.
He was the first person
I met on this island.
He immediately opened his arms
and welcomed me into his home.
He was extremely generous.
That's what I call a
priceless friendship.
Are you staying for a few days?
I'm leaving soon. sadly.
We'll have lunch and leave again at 5.
I have a lot to take care of.
and there are concerning developments.
- How's that?
- How should I put it?
There are rumors.
Rumors I initially disregarded.
- At first. I thought...
- What kind of rumors?
Listen.
I refuse to accept it.
It sounds so crazy.
but there's talk about
resuming nuclear testing.
Initially. it was just people
who heard other people say so.
I don't believe that.
- No. That's not good.
- Yes.
Why can't they just
go to the desert or...
Maybe I'm paranoid.
but sometimes I think
it's a grand scheme to weaken me.
On the other hand.
I'm not that important.
What decisions do I make? None.
I simply represent the State.
Would the tests be aerial or...
No idea. I have a friend who was told
to make installations
and set up lighting on various islands.
So there is movement.
Which is new.
It worries me because
it kind of corroborates...
Don't worry.
We'll talk to the fishermen
and install teams everywhere.
We'll investigate with our team.
There are clearly movements.
Marines suddenly appeared on the island
just like that.
They look like
they haven't seen the
light of day for a while.
You know. when they're a bit pale...
It means it's serious.
We've already flown around
and taken a good look.
But we haven't found anything.
And I don't have the time.
It's not my job.
And I don't have much
faith in the hierarchy.
It's frustrating.
At first. I thought. "It's just rumors.
It's just some
skeleton from the closet
brandished as a threat.
But it's disturbing.
It feels like they're
trying to sideline me.
Some time ago. I started realizing
the Minister is an asshole
and the President. too.
Always have been.
You've got it.
I'm speaking my mind.
In any case. it needs clarifying.
Discreetly. but...
Listen. I know I've burdened you.
but things get rough
when you can't confide in friends.
I'm happy to be here with you all.
- You chose the right people to talk to.
- I know.
Next time. come wearing a pareo.
- Perfect.
- That'd be better.
I'll ditch the suit.
Yeah. get rid of that getup.
Leave it on the plane
and come out in a pareo.
These are the moments I love.
And I miss them. For weeks now.
I've been squeezed like a lemon.
People are always asking me for help.
I feel the tension.
When you see guys like Matahi
who suddenly thinks he's a warlord.
There's something wrong with this world.
I don't take him seriously.
What worries me is who's behind it all.
- Won't you sing us a song. Shannah?
- Come on.
- I can't sing.
- A choir song?
- A madrigal?
- You're a choir girl.
- No. I was one.
She only knows lewd songs.
See how she's blushing?
If I sang. it'd rain.
Me. too.
The crabs would come crawling out:
"Hey. this guy can really sing."
Yeah.
get reelected and then you can sing.
He's an artist now.
Should we call a car to pick us up?
I'll now be able to
leave with a light heart.
We have no worries here.
What a pleasure!
Alright. friends.
Let's hug and meet again soon.
My friend.
Alright.
See you soon.
Mareva. you'll be staying here
to help them with the
rest of the campaign.
You'll see
she's highly qualified and deeply loyal.
My friend.
See you soon. in three days...
Or maybe three months.
We're on time. Captain!
After you. Shannah.
Watch your heads.
- Have a nice flight.
- Thanks.
- What are they up to?
- Same game every day.
The same thing every day.
Since when?
This must be the sixth or seventh trip
in ten days.
Oh. that is a lot.
- You know them?
- Yeah. I know the girls.
One of them is there every single time.
The others change from day to day.
They can't be going far
in a little boat like that.
You know there are rumors. right?
They say the girls...
I wonder what they're waiting for.
They say the girls are
going to a submarine.
A submarine?
You don't say!
A submarine...
- James Bond style.
- So they say.
They go to see the guys.
I'd say they go see the marines.
but I'd say on a frigate.
A little navy frigate.
You say the marines are on a boat.
But that'd be easy to spot.
What if their lights were out?
Navy boats can evade detection.
You won't see anything.
if it's happening underwater.
I told you.
We should question them. question the...
- Captain.
- Yeah. one of the two Captains.
If you call that a Captain.
He's more a pimp.
Yeah. more like a pimp.
Then he checks his phone and poof.
he's gone.
When it's dark.
it must have its lights out.
I find a submarine hard to believe.
In the territorial waters here.
This here is France.
This is their home.
Yeah. but people would know
if a submarine was here.
It is known already.
- How do you know?
- Because there we have it.
I'm sure of it.
There's backup.
Who are the big guys?
- Have you seen them before?
- No. never.
I didn't bring my binoculars.
Shit.
What's he saying?
Who?
Ferreira.
About what?
Did he talk about his papers.
or the Admiral...?
No.
He only just arrived.
He doesn't want to leave the island?
I don't know.
So you're taking care of him?
- You're taking care of him?
- Yeah.
He came for a drink.
I want to know how long he's staying.
I have no idea.
I don't have that info.
Are you good friends now?
By now. yes.
It's thanks to Shannah
that we found your papers.
I remember.
Without her. we wouldn't have got them.
It's not easy to forget her eyes.
Almost as beautiful as
getting my passport back.
Once you've solved a problem.
you don't need explanations.
I know you're good
friends with the Admiral.
He could've helped you. too.
I don't know if there's a reason
for the three of us to work together.
But you know better than me.
I only just arrived.
Don't be so modest.
It's true that it's unusual.
But I...
Especially since nothing
else went missing.
Exactly.
What can you do with a
passport on this island?
Fine. listen.
Everything's back to normal.
Let me know if I can
do anything for you.
I'll be delighted to help if I can.
I won't forget it.
You're in good hands.
Shannah...
is marvelous.
Thanks a lot. I'm counting on you.
Goodbye.
- Do you know him?
- Yes.
From the hotel.
A little. or...
We became friends gradually.
He took good care of you.
Maybe. But he takes better care of you.
They'll all be fooled.
For sure.
They don't know: When they see you.
it'll be me.
When you walk into a room. it'll be me.
When you go to talk. it'll be me.
In what way?
You'll be my eyes.
my sword arm.
Shannah. the High Commissioner!
I'll take your place.
Exactly.
Oh. yeah?
But no one can know.
You'll stay in the shadows.
I'll leave and they'll all rejoice
and think I have a lousy life.
that I left everything behind.
Everything except you.
Thanks.
You give me so much. Shannah.
More than you can imagine.
That's nice.
When they least expect it.
you'll strike.
You'll strike hard.
You're the predator.
They are the game.
my prey.
You'll eat them all.
You're a carnivorous beast.
A tigress.
You're a lioness.
A lioness...
- You like that?
- Yes.
Very much.
- When did the Portuguese leave?
- 3 p.m.
Did he say anything?
No.
- What did you do to him?
- Here?
We had a drink.
Did you wear him out?
Not really.
He's wondering around in circles.
Do you think it's circle or a spiral?
I think it's a downward spiral.
Something dark is
controlling his emotions.
Let's make sure it's downward.
Down to the..
- The dark inferno.
- Yeah.
Can I have a little sunshine?
Seems he's gonna leave soon.
It's almost empty.
I'll have a look.
Just yesterday.
a young man was telling
me how his grandmother
had thyroid cancer. breast cancer
and throat cancer one after the other.
Two.
Two episodes of breast cancer.
She was in remission
and then they detected a new tumor.
So she had both breasts removed.
They don't have much money
for breast reconstruction.
Really?
They have a lot of trouble
treating this kind of
disease in Polynesia.
That's why people are a bit nervous.
You could call it paranoia.
but isn't it more common sense?
Be careful. people are a bit nervous.
When they see a uniform like yours.
people here aren't too pleased.
I myself raise a lot of questions.
so you...
Knowing
that girls are regularly being invited
onboard one of your death machines...
People are surprised
and they ask questions.
The girls go there at night
and come back in a terrible state.
You should tell your
men to calm down a bit.
They're heavy-handed.
from not seeing women.
from staying so long at sea...
It must
make you crazy. right?
I wonder. too.
If there was an accident.
they'd throw the girls overboard.
OK. let's not dwell on the girls.
but it could result in a big mess
if the rumors turn out to be true
and testing recommences.
I'm not kept up-to-date on that.
I wish I could tell them something.
but I don't have much to say.
And as I was saying.
interests hostile to our country
are becoming a little
too present on the island
and are revealing
themselves rather crudely.
They're not so pleasant.
They're more threatening.
I think it would piss them off
if we did it again.
Have you been threatened?
Try to be cheerful.
Everything will be fine.
Be more light-hearted.
Have a nice evening. Admiral.
I give you my word -
Everything will be fine.
Asshole.
Was it a good night?
Drive us to your place.
- You'll get out and I'll take the car.
- Yes sir.
Nothing's left.
Politics is like a nightclub.
They call this place Paradise.
but they're idiots.
It's a party with the devil.
They're all there together.
with lights beaming into their faces.
With strobes in the dark.
It's flashing.
they've lost their bearings.
They lose their balance. their memory.
They lose everything.
their common sense.
They arrive there and never leave.
There's no more day. no more night.
There's no more time.
That's politics:
people in the dark
who don't even look
at each other anymore.
Completely cut off from reality.
They went in there...
It all started with school.
A kind of secret society.
Lots of private clubs.
getting drunk all night long.
They were served food and champagne.
They were treated like masters.
They lost track of time.
These people will
tell everyone what they saw.
Those fools.
Those ignoramuses.
They think they're the masters.
but they're just made to believe that.
They think they control everything.
They control nothing.
Not even I control anything.
It's just an illusion.
They live in an illusion.
I'm gonna go into that club.
turn on the lights.
turn off the music.
and look into their
defeated faces one by one.
bloated with alcohol.
high on exhaustion.
their bodies withered.
their skin sagging.
Like a pack of dogs
tearing each other apart.
Listen.
They too sense the danger.
They know it's coming.
They know it'll blow up soon.
They're smarter than their masters.
Listen.
That's politics today.
There's nothing left.
There are no more men. no stature.
You might call them children.
They piss themselves.
thinking about nuclear explosions.
but cannot see the real dangers.
They understand nothing.
They don't know what awaits them.
We'll buy back the
plots of land one by one.
It won't be tests.
They're going to drop the bomb.
You'll see. The atomic waves will go
all around their little world.
We'll be far away.
Yeah. we'll have left.
We'll have left their slum.
So before I leave.
I'll go back into their dump
and burn it down.
I'll fry them all to a crisp.
I'll burn them all.
Nothing will survive.
Nothing at all.
They can hide in their submarine.
They'll end up rotting in there.
their tomb.
When the bomb is dropped.
nothing will remain.
When they resurface after weeks.
they'll take their rusty ladder
and open the hatch out in the ocean.
What do you think will be left?
They'll look real stupid.
They'll eat each other to survive.
While I'm far. far away.
I won't see them grow old. feeble.
with their deformed children.
their sick wives...
Alright. it's ready.
Your boat awaits you.
Great. Now?
- Whenever you want. Are you taking him?
- Yes.
You trust him?
Yes. Look at him.
Sleeping like a baby.
Meet you at the pier.
Ready?
Good.
Well?
Nothing. It's driving me crazy.
You didn't hear a thing?
No lights. no engine sound. no girls.
Me neither.
I don't know the time.
but we're not late.
It's almost 6.
Almost 6.
We don't want to get spotted
when the sun rises.
Let's do another 15 minutes.
then meet at the beach.
You'll go due east.
Cut the motor occasionally
so you can hear...
I did. but...
Same here.
We've been at it for four hours.
See you in 20 minutes?
20 minutes it is.
- You OK?
- Yes. yes. I'm fine.
I didn't hear.
Gentlemen. listen.
We leave today for the islands.
We shall not return.
Abandon everything that keeps you here.
We'll pick up the last
remaining engineers
who are indispensable
for accomplishing our mission.
Everything has been prepared.
The first firing will be at dawn.
The first in 20 years.
20 years
that we've been waiting
to elevate our status
to that of a great power.
We'll make them fear the worst.
You must have courage
for what you're about to do.
Yes! Courage!
And heart!
And that you have!
You fear your own public.
but don't fret:
Where we are going.
no one will recognize you.
Because no one knows about our mission.
20 years ago.
we made the mistake of believing
they would understand what sacrifice is.
Only those who should fear us
will see what we are capable of!
One day. perhaps.
others will recognize your work.
And that day
the world will have changed!